New features as of xmove 2.0:

* Several bugs fixed, of course.

* There is now support for 16 and 24 bit displays,
ie. DirectColor or TrueColor. This support does not come without
catches, however. There is more potential for one display to be
incompatible with another display, and thus xmove will refuse to
move the applications. Hopefully this will not be an obstacle for
most users.


From xmove 1.2:

	Here is a list of a few of the features which we feel
make xmove stand out over other pseudoservers written to date:

* xmove provides support for the correct mapping of property and
selection information. Currently supported are ICCCM and
OpenLook, including Drag-and-Drop.  The support for properties
and selections is provided through dynamically loaded libraries,
allowing future enhancements, either by us or by others, simply
by dropping a library into a directory.

* xmove provides fairly sophisticated support for clients moved
to new server with different color availability. We successfully
moved IslandDraw from a color display to a grey-scale display to
a 1-bit monochrome display and back to the color display. We were
also able to move xv from a color display to a 1-bit display,
modify the color schemes, and have the modifications appear
correctly after moving the client back to the color display.

* Applications that open multiple connections to the server, such
as FrameMaker, are recognized and supported.

* Movement can be directed onto a specific screen of the new
display. This implies that movement between screens on the same
server is also possible.

* xmove is the first example of a pseudoerver designed
exclusively for client mobility and as such provides a better
starting point for continued development than was previously
available.


New features as of xmove 1.2:

* Many bugs fixed, of course.

* xmove can now survive the death of its default server. It will
adapt to the server's new authorization information after it
comes back up.

* Clients may be placed in suspended animation. This removes them
from their current display, without moving them to a new
destination. They can then survive the death of their former
display. See xmovectrl (1) for more information on using this
feature.

* There have been many changes to the infrastructure of xmove's
source code. See xmove/xmove/changes.list for more details.
