	The important decisions when using xmove are:

How many xmoves should I run?
Where should I run xmove?
What should I set the default server to?

	We envision two common xmove setups. Regardless of how
you use xmove, there is one rule-of-thumb which should always be
remembered: the default server should never be set to another
xmove, i.e. it should always be set to a real X server. This
prevents possible cycles in which one xmove contacts another
xmove, which in turn contacts the first xmove.

	When moving clients via xmovectrl -move or -moveall,
don't specify a display number. Just say -move machine, not
machine:1 or machine:0. xmove will try to find another xmove at
machine:1 automatically, and if it doesn't find one it will try
machine:0. If you do specify a full display name, never specify
another xmove. That is, never -move machine:1 when machine:1 is
an xmove.

SETUP 1: One xmove per X server

	Here, each xmove represents an X server. Typically, for
every display machine:0, there will be an xmove machine:1. This
way, to send something to "machine", or to find out what is on
"machine", you can always be sure that machine:1 is the right
display.

	If you are using X terminals rather than full
workstations, you can still have one xmove per X server, but the
xmove for terminal:0 will have to be run on another machine. You
might use one machine to hold several xmoves. That server would
have server:1 with default server terminal1:0, server:2 going to
terminal2:0, etc.

	When moving clients to a new server using -move or
-moveall, specify the name of the machine rather than a full name
(ie. machine, not machine:1 or machine:0). xmove will try to find
another xmove running on machine:1, or if not will use
machine:0. Never move directly to another xmove (eg -moveall
machine:1).


SETUP 2: One xmove per user

	In this scenario, an xmove "machine:1" represents a
single user's workspace. When the user who owns the xmove
"machine:1" wants to move to another machine, they should use
xmovectrl to both move all applications to the new machine, and
set the default server to that new machine.

	So, if user ethan has spruce as his main machine, he'll
run an xmove on spruce:1. If ethan moves down the hall and wants
to use pigpen, ethan would

xmovectrl spruce:1 -moveall pigpen
xmovectrl spruce:1 -setdefaultserver pigpen:0

	The first moves the environment to pigpen, and the second
says that new applications will also be sent to pigpen. This way,
ethan continues to use spruce:1, even though he is now seated at
pigpen.

	With the first setup above, ethan would have an xmove
running on pigpen called pigpen:1, would not have changed the
default server, and would've begun using pigpen:1 for future
applications instead of spruce:1.

	The disadvantage to this setup is that you have to be
careful to be sure where an xmove is pointing with its default
server. spruce:1 could be pointing at spruce:0, or anywhere else
on the network.

	When moving an application with -move or -moveall,
specify the actual display, that is, spruce:0. Never move
directly to another xmove, ie, spruce:1. If you just specify
spruce, xmove will try to find another xmove at spruce:1, and if
not will connect to spruce:0. This may not produce the desired
result, as spruce:1 may send the client to some other display.


	Of course, xmove can be used in any configuration you
like. The above are just suggestions and reminders. Remember
that, in order to avoid the risk of cycles of xmoves, never set
the default display to another xmove, and never -move or -moveall
directly to another xmove.

